hey everybody welcome ignorant land
please abiding Lessig answer is Plus
where we are doing all right here we're
gonna random something inside that you
wanna see see dunno say that I read we
will play an skein it'll be all right
okay j1 7 m 3 m 2 e and an early boss
fight as well we've been I mean the run
that we lost this is like my first
recording session since the loss but my
my demeanor is positive dude and the
reason my demeanor is positive is
because they're lost
like I say it wasn't our fault however
we did kind of get trapped between a
rock and a hard place
is it real James Franco asked situation
you know we've been playing well since
then and random runs to the start of a
streak is a beautiful time to be playing
Isaac because you know your your your
carefree you ever notice like care less
and carefree have two different meanings
like wildly different it's not like you
you're careful
care less and then carefree despite the
fact that they might seem okay I don't
know why I'm going down in this
etymological road here go a bit of a
waste but you know I've played enough
Isaac in a day of again I'd never
suggest that I'm like one of them one of
the absolute best players in the world
at this point you know I know where I
stand I'm probably you know like the top
4% of Isaac players if you took a random
average class size there's a good chance
I could be the valedictorian of that of
that particular class not a graduating
class because I know depending on what
school you go through graduating classes
can get absurd my our graduating class
like the the school that Michael al Fox
and I went to had like eighty graduating
students and our a High School
commencement ceremony that is still took
like you know a couple of hours so I
don't know what happens if you go to a
high school you know like Kate was like
oh yeah there's like five hundred people
in my graduating class some people that
we've talked to that go to school in
like big cities or at least big school
districts in the US would be like oh
yeah we look fifteen hundred kids in our
grad
in class mr. high school is maybe 6,000
students that's that's stupid it's not
stupid it's actually just amazing but it
seems hilarious to me like where where
Michael al Fox and I went to school it
was not conceivable that you would not
know everybody in the school it wasn't
like it was small town like everybody
walked around going like oh honey hello
neighbor you know you know but you know
you'd be like oh yeah that's X person I
know this about them that's X person I
know this about them but it wasn't like
if you go to a 1,500 person graduating
class you know you got like 50 modules
or 50 different periods of English I
don't even think our high school is pod
59 our English classes in its entire
existence but anyway now 59 it would be
ridiculous I mean I mean 50 we've
certainly taught more than 50 I would
suggest anyway head down and explore
might have such great choice great
choice nothing wrong with us at all
in a way I'm envious of that because you
know I'm sure the larger your your
school the more opportunities that are
afforded to you simply by you know the
size of it like we didn't really have
computer classes at our high school we
could be Demming this is also you're
going to say like that's absurd and
you'd be right it was also like I
started high school 15 years ago so it's
been it's not like the internet was not
a thing it was very much a thing but it
just you know it wasn't like let me put
it this way we were like seven years
from the first iPhone it wasn't like
every eight-year-old on planet Earth was
it had a YouTube account and was yelling
at us in the comments like hey you know
you got to explore everywhere dead cells
anyway I finally taken that advice in my
life has improved let's not bite the
hand that feeds they're like yeah we
didn't have we didn't have AP or IB
either which is a common thing at more
prestigious Canadian high schools and
American of course but anyway you get
the idea I'm not reminiscing about the
old days there's benefits to go into a
small town high school as well you know
really got to
no they are the student base in the
faculty do I keep in touch with any of
them no that'd be weird I did I think I
did what every like college student
thinks about occasionally I didn't do it
but I thought about it which is like
yeah man a winter break from my first
year at college I just go back and hang
out at the high school and be like check
it out I made it and then I didn't do
that because by the time the winter
break rolled around I was like that
would be sort of pathetic and I'm glad I
didn't but anyway this episode's gone
off on a tangent early here what's the
what's the game plan for us here but
we're Kane and we're coming up to our
first floor deal with the devil that's
more or less guaranteed given normal
circumstances so I'm very very confident
we're going to come out of this one with
a W something that would help out a lot
is like unicorn stomp I think it's just
a penny yeah IV bag would also help out
the reason for this I hope is fairly
obvious we have Midas touch so anything
we can use to create invincibility even
temporarily is going to stomp on enemies
we also got 41 cents early dull razor
would also work for us so you know then
we can use our money to pick up
something that enables Midas touch I'd
be happy but I do think that Midas touch
deep pockets
well we already had polydactyl this was
unnecessary um I do think that maybe
like the Midas touch setup is a little
overrated by myself I used to think it
was awesome and honestly my memory is
override - touch it
forgot about that the Midas touch xix
effect but to be honest with you I think
it might have used to been good and now
is not as good for whatever reason but
um oh you mean you gotta take diplopia i
I've had it on a couple of occasions not
like full occasions but like you know
chariot Midas touch and then I'm running
into enemies like why aren't these
enemies eating it but I digress
two of clubs is not in all likelihood
worth using right now I would love to
get invincibility because again
invincibility also gives us essentially
infinite money infinite money you know
with absolute power or that's not the
way that Uncle Ben said that absolute
power corrupts absolutely okay so we
will take mom's knife and we will take
Guppies head and we will take the
ability to fly and we'll take Guppies
collar and there's actually not much
reason to take anything else here to the
best of my knowledge what's hilarious
about this is we've just won this run
we're going to do so in like
unbelievable fashion like it's a really
funny way to make this happen is one
again that we can help that could have
waited for another trinket but who cares
and beyond that what should have gone
out of the curse room but beyond that we
still have deal with the Angel precedent
which is the most hilarious part of all
so this alone is probably the best
diplopia I've ever had and I mean I've
used the pokey on a number of different
circumstances but sincerely to get a be
cool here to get mom's knife to guppy
items and the ability to fly out of it
is pretty ridiculous shoopdawhoop is
tempting I don't know probably I feel
like critical consensus from the
audience about shoopdawhoop and about
Guppies hat are like the same they show
up very frequently they're both very
very strong I feel like you know you
might have your your reasons one is
better than the other and in some
situations you know one will be better
than the other and vice versa but follow
that damage dude in our present
situation we really are just like loving
it so what would I recommend to myself
here play slower you've taken a lot of
damage like there is a chance you lose
this because you're on to HP you
shouldn't but there is a chance all you
really need to do is live long enough to
get one more spirit heart and I know
this is not how this floor has turned
out for us so far but one spirit are
should give you a lot of survivability
with a run in which you can fly and and
kill basically everything in
so try not to try to throw your run away
here you really did get the rarest of
rare situations that is you got a four
prong deal with the devil that's so good
you've got a four prong deal with the
devil when you also had a diplopia to
make the best possible use of it so it's
pretty great so you can pay for cambian
conception and I think we will
does does concern me a little bit for
reasons that I'm assuming are probably
relatively obvious and that's that you
know two hits could kill me right now
but I like Kim being conception and that
we like let's just be 100% honest here
we should win this run and if we lose
this run we deserve it at this point so
to play conservatively because like you
know we have mom's knife we're probably
going to become Guffey but I'm a little
scared about our HP is outside of a
daily or outside of like you know the
100th win on a streak is a little silly
we got a we got to lay all our cards out
on the table here so who wouldn't
could've hurt and then I would have been
singing a different tune potentially we
do have curved horn and honestly we
still have canes bass damage it's great
with moms knife but the more the merrier
as far as damage goes especially when it
comes to two bosses that are unlikely to
die in a single hit secret room and
could provide us with money but I don't
really see the purpose of trying to get
some extra money out of that right now
let's see what we can get from our shop
blank card two of clubs of course has
some interesting potentiality here now
I'll use a bomb because money is an
interesting situation
look this card to a close okay so now I
think you buy a blank card and you go
blank card to a clubs
you blow this up then you go to a clubs
then you go to of it that's just a 20
bond that's not that good man that was
there's a lot of money wasted to get you
to 20 bombs does their spirit are for
sale to go back and by the spirit art
you owe me one brain that was a bad play
we could still go blank card and blank
card is is fun because we could have
gone with blank card in general to be
honest with you
6.20 damage this substantial upgrade not
a doubt about it
sack of sacks is great as well yeah I
mean I'm kind of I feel like we whipped
but it's not like we're feeling the burn
too much from having Guppies head here
and Guppies head it's got its own you
know assortment of of usefulness that we
can be happy about regardless so this is
really the kind of steamroll that I've
been looking for for a while now we hit
we've had some easy runs I mean we had
Anna's asel run recently that's about as
easy as it gets in principle at least
where we get rid of spades I'll just go
ahead and call a spade a spade
but the ace of spades is not
particularly strong and pageant boys
kind of interesting there we go
I'm actually going to ace of spades it I
want to be able to create an arcade on
the next floor because I'm well wait a
minute next floor is necropolis 1 still
the IV bag is is still desirable for us
like Guppies head is great of course but
the the IV bag is a huge get for us
because we can use Midas touch with it
productively
I'll just tell you straight up though
you have already seen what is likely to
be the most memorable part of this run
that deal with the devil is proud to
deal with the devil diplopia what it's
not really like a once a lifetime thing
but it's the sort of thing where I could
make a thumbnail that's like oh my god
the greatest deal with the devil ever
and it wouldn't seem misleading like
there would still be some like oh my god
why are you using clickbait sort of
stuff you know in the comments but you
could be like you could defend that I
think is what I'm trying to get at
because it really is a jump a very very
very good situation but did you see this
no matter keys we picked up in like one
room okay
I mean sure what is this it I feel like
it's actually sort of great
we have Jacob's Ladder our damage is
still good now we've got infinite range
we still have we still have the godet
obviously I'm not go ahead sorry so the
curved horn not that dissimilar actually
at least they seemed to come from the
same beast don't ever let people lead
you believe I done anything for you
you know this is just give me the copy
payout come on we're taking everything
here but I don't think this is that much
worse now I do see curse of the tower I
don't like it so we're going to endeavor
to not get it I always think that I have
holy mantle by the way when I see
Jacob's Ladder on a reroll I'm like ah
sick holy mantle and now Leo is not
wholly male but then oh my god Jacob's
Ladder but we seem to be re rolling into
a lot of Jacobs ladders sad bombs you
seem to be rear Olding into a lot of
Jacobs ladders they'd like do nothing
for us similarly sad bombs Plus
technology is like not very strong
not as strong as the average sad bombs
maybe but maybe we'll make up for that
with our damage stat I will take
guillotine mostly because if this in
this case it almost doubled our rate of
fire so plus the reckless of damage
bonus out of it as well again not quite
as strong maybe there's not quite as
much potential but still very very good
we want to get that last guppy item
which at this point is probably most
likely to happen by a Kaos if we can get
it in here but such like they hanged man
we're not flying anymore so the hangman
actually could provide us with some
value and we don't have Midas touch so
we don't to worry about IV bag although
I would like to worry about IV bag we
don't really have the desirability it's
got to be someone with the know-how and
the elbow grease to lead us to our new
land no not me and technology we don't
have the cognitive capacity to lead all
right we'll do it that's two already
it's a great sign wouldn't mind picking
up you know at least a half red hearts
but ok you know thanks for your concern
there I appreciate it if piggy bank we
do that's where the money's coming from
also got wicked spiders dude how are we
creating so many spiders is it just
juicy sac but they're like we're killing
enemies quickly enough that they that
they never attack enemies so we're
getting like a net positive it seems
plausible will we do boss rush on
today's run I will consider doing boss
rush on today's run I would prefer to
just teleport out of it but we do have
the kind of you know damage that I think
it's conducive conducive to making it
happen and personally I mean that it
does help actually just watch out for
the bombs back here
I don't know it canes other I might be
my least favorite item in the game
simply because of the reaction that I
had when I opened the room well you're
like you know the world is your oyster
man it's like you got this oyster you're
gonna crack it open and get a beautiful
pearl what could it be Oh could be
anything it could even be garbage but at
least remarkable garbage and then it's
and then it's Kane's other eye and
you're like inside of this oyster that
don't speak to me inside of this oyster
is just a piece of paper that says like
you won it's not worth anything to me
right now I need I need something more
you know mr. bombastic if I'm going to
be excited about this situation as it
stands oh Jesus
okay so you know I was really cheesed
off oh my god Enel are you okay you just
said geez Louise aren't you worried
about what your fan base will think you
know what cheese and crackers to that
I'm my own man
I still I ignore playing the key beggar
outside of the chest or the dark room I
suppose but out of principle it's kind
of like the bomb beggar I don't
understand why you would ever give him a
bunch of keys for the chance to get like
attack fly sure if you got 70 keys I get
it but you know we could get Guppies
tail and then we're going to get a lot
more out of 70 keys via Guppies tail
than we ever would from this unlucky
so-and-so a bummer that we don't even
get to donate our money I guess if we go
to the hush fight we will and we kind of
have we have a horrible run but oh to be
honest with you taking a little bit of
damage here I mean much of it was from
walking on spikes like an idiot so it's
not like I can complain that much but I
just want to make sure that if we're
going to do that I want to make sure
we're safe that was actually I mean
obviously 100 cent my own fault but I
was worried about like doing damage with
our guillotine head and probably should
not have been oh this is like
and you absolutely take Incubus
there's nothing good enough I almost
feel like a sense of duty to do the boss
rush because of the fact that the
Incubus pickup is going to make us so
strong but it's just like they haven't
given me a compelling reason to do so on
this floor at least you know what if I
can say one positive thing about
nearsighted friend it is going to give
us the ability to get the occasional
Jacob's Ladder tear now I don't think
that's going to be worth anything at all
basil but it's something also I'm just
now realizing that we actually have 45
million well damaged yes but 45 million
familiars here I can't believe we
haven't gotten conjoined yet but a more
pressing concern is really that I can't
get that second Incubus to deal damage
if I ever move from where the room
actually starts so we're a I wouldn't
say inhibited too much by that like the
Incubus damage is really just a bonus
but we're not quite popping up quite as
much as I'd like to you know what be a
cool item
I don't modding is cooled off a little
bit but a cool item would be if you
could have like a familiar smelter that
gave you up familiar and then whenever
you use the space bar item it turned all
it rolled all of those familiars effects
into your existing familiar hurry you're
like mega Voltron familiar
honestly like I know people become
attached to their own ideas and I'm
guilty of that as well but this is such
a good idea that I'm kind of like I'm
thinking somebody must have done it
already and I'm just like remembering
that it exists and taking credit but you
know because there are disadvantages to
having a bunch of familiars the big one
is obviously just an xl-4 just a regular
old womb the big one is obviously that
it's harder to
but imagine you know you had as many
familiars as we did you press the
spacebar all of a sudden you got one
mega familiar that does you know the
damage of faiths reward plus brother
Bobby plus it as rainbow babies random
to your effects plus it as the you know
Incubus lasers coming out at all times
you have to do some creative work there
I think like when it comes to the damage
involved but because you can't really
have it if you got ten familiars that
all shoot it's here you can't have it
shoot ten tears when you press the
button once I like it it just doesn't
seem to make sense it's like more rate
of fire than can exist in the game seems
to strike it diminishing return straps
but you know seems to strike up
diminishing returns of course but you
know think about it also I don't know
how would work with things like dark bum
but what a concept
I could use a little mod myself when we
could all use a little change a try
Ahmed who is well and truly dusted mom's
heels for a range upgrade we do not care
about I will say I miss the I miss the
map which was doing lovely work for us
I'm really trying to make this copy
dream come true because this without
exaggerating we don't have the greatest
damage of all time although it's very
good especially with our ridiculous rate
of fire but I think we could have one of
the strongest guppy runs in recent
memory if we if we finish the guppy
dream here and of course we do have a
good chance of completing our or getting
our deal with the devil on this floor
which would be helpful all this feels
also fine but I don't know what the
present moment is kind of weird like a
0% chance to lose we're kind of coasting
until we get that one thing that lets us
pop ridiculously we're already at nine
out of ten but this could be a 10 out of
10 run it just needs I mean it really
just needs a one guppy ice
the big thing there's probably some
other tear effects that would work as
well but the one guppy item would really
really be helpful it would be an easy
fix
let's put it that way now I'm looking at
the map and I'm saying to myself self I
don't know if we're going the right way
this seems like you know you get like a
little bit of a sense for the mapping
and Isaac the more you play and this
feels like a trick to me it's just like
too good to be true
that we found an area so devoid of dead
ends so early callous is good to me
now we can only hold one house is not
really good but it's really good when
you're an idiot and you've walked over
the spikes as many times as I have so
well I was incorrect that just goes to
show you that's the other rule of Isaac
is like you know the more the more you
play the less you know there's many
rules I'm going to be publishing them in
a book on Amazon then going on a tour
this summer tickets are $75 each if you
want to come see me no script I haven't
really prepared me I'm just going to
kind of get up there and say thank you
what do we got a pact that's great
brimstone oK we've entered like full
ridiculous territory now we have
anti-gravity vain' notice we now have
had brimstone and mom's knife on the
same run and sad bombs for that matter
also fantastic
and yet I still like you know what do
you get for the man who has everything
for some reason I find myself looking at
this running going it could be better
it's probably a little ridiculous mostly
just that antigravity little horrible
with brimstone it's not like you know
what we probably should have been hit
there but shoopdawhoop is so good and I
don't think we'll need the spear at ours
because we're to be frank kind of
crushing it right now I think we should
take shoopdawhoop just because it gives
us burst damage instantaneously so I
want to be able to like more or less
Poupon enemies enemies that are
stationary like these guys are that you
know they got no chance but room like
this much happier to hit him with that
burst damage spiders are doing great
work it's a good time to be alive like
I'm not going to lie to you this runs in
a great spot it also got it got weird
the reroll was fantastic despite looking
sort of not that great it looked like we
had maybe like a soymilk apocalyptic
sort of thing going on but obviously
they ended up not being the case I'm
very thankful as a result don't don't
spam bomb to me please yeah okay this is
there's too many enemies you've done
that to yourself I just want you to know
that there was a chance that we could
have lived in harmony in there and you
chose not to
you chose to mess that up and for the
rest of your life you're going to have
to live with that decision
trying to get the portal on top of them
at which point he will just die we got
like kind of a half assed speedrun going
on here but can't deny that it's got a
good reason to be like that it's another
good selection of items I'm going to
re-roll our stats we got tears off
damage down totally fine we'll take
mom's contact will also take contagion
will blow this up
and we'll get balls of steel speed up
which is good and I'm excited which is
terrible but as fines kill this guy and
then dust this room as quickly as
possible 20 bombs might not seem like a
lot but when your bombs are doing what
our bombs are doing we're completely sad
we also have one luck somehow that
managed to pay out with with an item
here which is kind of surprising to me
we have number two as well and the heck
did that happen this I find myself like
off balance and commentary on this run
and it's honestly because the run is so
good that I'm waiting for like the other
shoe to drop here
but it's you know certainly a very
merciful run this was a run where we
pretty mean from the second-floor deal
with the devil well I'm trying to I'm
building an inelegant moment here let's
build it more elegantly we had a deal
with the devil that gave us four items
including mom's knife and two copy items
and the ability to fly in fact that's
just a description of all the items we
got in there uh and I threw it away on
purpose and then got something that was
almost as good that's like being a
professional athlete making like you
know 20 million dollars a year and
you're like you know what decider it
isn't for me I'm going to go back to
school for the Performing Arts and
everyone's like you're an idiot and then
they become a multi you know million
dollar earning recording artist you know
there are the genuine double threat this
run there are three good runs in this
run basically because it changed a
little bit when we picked up brimstone
as well I don't think I would do
delirium on this fight because I want to
preserve the wonderful memory of what we
have and thankfully we didn't even have
a choice just an all-around good run out
this is a good start to your day or
whenever you're watching it it is added
a little bit of enjoyment to your day
obviously I'm feeling good
based on the stretch there thanks for
watching if you enjoyed it click the
like button outside a great deal of
course subscribe you want to see more
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time
where hopefully we'll be as lucky as we
were here